Message 01 - 7/3/2018 - MC

For the benfit of yunger ones...you would not consider this knd of crystallization study a bible study or word study...mot jus cmoe here to gain more knowlegde. Come here with a spirit to be trained. We are G's people and we need to be trained by Him. G trains us with His word. The law and ordinances are all the way that G is training us to be His peculiar people. We have evenin the first roman numeral ...these ch in lev is for the purpose of training us to worship G, partake of G, and live holy clean and rejoicing life. You need to be trained on even how to be joyous.

Lord, train me...train us all how to be your people today and satisfy You.

The Consecration of the Priests
1 Pet 2:9 - We are a (1) a chosen race (2) holy priesthood (3) holy nation (4) people acquired for a possession.

CHosen race notes our descent froj God.
Royal pristhood denotes our service to G
Holy nation denotees our being a community for G..in which G rules
people acquired for a possission denotes our pressiousness.

The priesthood ...this most important status that we acquired ...to become G collective corporate people and that is that we are a pristhood.

book - "The New testament priesthood of the gospel"

Consecration. Word might have lost its significance...impact...what is this consecration? The consecration of the priest means that to become a priest...to serve as a priest...is not a light matter. So serious that it is fille dwith deep solemnity...dedication...why would G spend a whole chapter to talk abotu the details onhow to consecrate the priest?

To live and serve as a priest you need to be consecrated. And that consecration is a solemn affair. Pay your utmost attention to the details ocnveyed in the  outline of all the points that G has ordained that we could enter into the experiences that these things would become our reality...we woul dbecome the true priests..consecrated priests...

Anoint - to put this compound ointment on them. this refers denotes that we are chosen selected by the L in a particular way to serve Him as priests...this anointing is to designate us as priests to fulfill this commission.

ordination - not something ammaturish...this is somethign official..serious in the eyes  of G..That we would be given this prisestky duty to serve HIm forever. Last verse Rev...and his slaves will serve Him. In eternity, this is our job...live..service. Service as priests....not just slaves..even in eternity. How much we need the training. Do not take this matter in light way. I speak to all of us, we should take this matter of being a priest in a most serious way. Read Lev 8 - the scripture reading.

I. II. Consecration...not just thrownig a iece of paper into the fire at the end of your retriet. Higher appreciation and understanding of what this cnsecratoion means. 
A. All the offerings in ch 1-7..all that are for the consecration ordination of the priests. Our enjoyment of all those offerings...experience of Ch as all those offerings is for our consecration ordination to be priest so that we cna serve Him...be qualified to serve the L as priest. We need these offering severy day.

B. Being fille din the hands with these offerings..in Heb. the word consecvrate means just that. If our hands are NOt filled, we can hardly be consecrated. We cannot serve G empty handed. Christless. We need christ filled hands in order to serve G B/c G is only pleased w/ His son.

C. We just dont have the time to repest these offering sagain. These 5 offerings filling oru hands for our enjoyment.

D. How are we constituted? Yes we are destined even separated to be priests of G, but here the point is how are we constituted as priest? the only way is by what Ch is and what Ch does. What He is to us and what He does for us as tipyfied by these offerings. We need to daily enjoy Ch inall these offerings. As the absolute one to G. AS THE HUMANLY PERFECT ONE. AS THE ONE WHO restored our fellowship with God as peace. Tresspass amd sin. All this we must enjoy Him daily for us to be constitued as the serving ones of G.

E.While we consecrate, G is ordaining. Both has to do with our constitution. When I first came ot the ch, I saw this light of the universla priesthood...then together with many young people we proceeded to serve the L, and it wass over time I began to realizer how much of my service was unconsecerated servie. I'm not sure how much of that dswrvice was accepted by G ina  welll pleasing way. And My companions in the L..somehow accordong to the pictur in this ch...some drop out n day 2..some drop out in day 4..that means they did not finish ther consecration. It is not a once and for all experience. We must be consecrated every day, Consecration as priest is a continual affair,. Must be going on every day. We need to be further by Ch. every day. Not only for our enjoyment...so that we can be priest to meet G need. This is something deper....higher.

F. Full attn on these points in a sequential way. Not only befor G but also for the Ch. Where does this take place? not in your closet. At the entrance ofd the tent of meeting...the tabernacel..the plafe where G people gather to contact Him. Our consecration is not only before G...it is for the ch. We did have such consecration in the early days. We consecrate to CHrist and for the CHurch. Our serving the L as priest is for the church...for the building up of the churdh. Not bad for saints to stand in the meeting to declare their consecrration to christ and church. I'm here for G..I'm here for the church. 

G. This is after being brought to the right place at the entrandce of the tent. First thing is we need to be washed by the sp. This must tak eplace at the laver. The washing of the sp laver. 1 cor 6 such These thingas were some of you but you were washed....thank the Lord we were washed. Not only buy the blood...in the water..the living fresh water of the holy sp. The sp work to wash cleanse from all the definelemts so that we can be clean to serve the L. No unclean person can draw near to jehovbah, We need to be washed and washed daily. Even by the blood andf by the water. even right now. Lord was h me. make me clean cleanse this vessel Wash em and fill em. This should be our prayer all the time,

H. All these things sorround the priest and sll these are things the priests will touch and handle and srrve with. All are related to our prestihod for our sancvtification.
1. This cpnosecration this ordination is a matter os sanctification...beign sanctified or made holy...separated unto G ansd saturated with G the holy one. Separation posiiotnally and saturatin disposition.
2. Hav you been anointed? amen. our head brother has been anoitned ans we share in his anoitning. The tabernacel has been anointed. This anointing is not once for all. has to be continually. All these item of CHrist that are now compundwd int this spirit..this processed compouned life giving dsp...this oil should be added to us in a painting way...should be painted on us all the time. TO anoint whatever God is whatever G is dong into us to make G one with us and us one with Him. Consecreation to have G painted on us. To have the spirit fill us. Consecration is a continual thing.

3. The sin offering and the burnt offering follwoing the anoitning..these offerings is a reminder everytime we offe4r them of just whoa nd what we are and what we should be and are not. We need that reminder. It doenst take long for us to forget what we are not. We need these offerings to remind us so that we would apply thek to ourswelves.

I. After the anoitning is the clothing. The clothing of the priests (we covered that in exodus) here we look at the clothing of aaron and his sons with these priestly garments as part of that process of their consecration. They need ot eb robed...girded..adorned with this particular clothing. This clothig is siply XChrist div attrib mingled with human virt to be outward expression. Not so simple to sayt I m here to serve the Lord..Ijm a prest...what are we covered by...what are we clothed with in our living and walk. G has a hgh standard for his serving ones...ndicated by the garments.

1. Their expresion separates them. Not with collar turned around. You can do that and have zero expression of CHrost. We need ot put on the real priestly garments. We need ot be adorned in order to be consecrsated and to serve G as a priest.

2. Do yo uthink the priest can sevr jehovah in loose way? study all the details from the ephod to sash breas tplate belts, high hat turban ...all the details in exodus. detail sconcerning chrst should be worn by us. We have to wear dchrist to serve G. This Christ in his glory and beaurty. The div side and human side.

3. Our living separates us, OUr expression santifies us, make us uncommon, a holy people a holy priesthood. Pay attention even to our daily living...our walk before G and before man.

J. The first thing after the clothing we come to the offerings...the sin offering. not a burnt offering. B/c we need to be reminded of our adaminc constitution...sinful constitution that comprise all this negative things in us. Before we serve the L, we need to offer HIm for our sin. YThis si the goal of the sin offering.

1. We'll come back to bearing the iniquity of the assmenbly.

2. We are stressing one matter here in touching the sin ofering. Not only tae care of ouselves..the offerer..but we do this..offer christ as the sin offering for us to bear the sins of others...the problem,s of others. isn't this the case? We are here to serve G and eveb G's people. How much we need priests among us that can bear G's people. This is a very relevant and practical point.

3. The emphasis is other's need. Other saints need.

4. Sin dealing life. 
a. b. A lot of cherishing work here. 
c. d. Gal 6. Brothers if someone is overtaken in offense...restore such a one in meakness..bear one anothers burderns.  Eph 4:2 - Bearing one another in love.

It is most challenging an difficult thing to help a sinning persion. YOu woul dthink that is easy, maybe some inner things are harder...It is a difficult thing...not easy to know how ot bear a sinner. How to really live this sin bearing /dealing life. As we are told to do in the n.T. When you have to deal with someone in sin, you just...the last thing you have in you is to bear. I'm not sayng that there is not the aspect of G righteousness andiscipline inthese matters., but our emphasis in this messager today is not that, But that as priset who serve the people of G and there would be sinful ones among us. how do we eat the sin offering...how do we bear the assemnly? You who are spiritual restore such a one in a spirit of meakness...not of condemnation or judgement. Bear the burden of others to fulfil the law of christ..love one another. bearing one another in love. I find that naturally I'm so short of this love...this kind of life. How much this is meeded to cherish to soften to minister to have great patience endurance over long periods of time and to allow and wait for the spirit to work withn them so that some genuine and long lasting healing can be brought forth. I need more training concerning this, May the Lord raise us all up. Consecrate usa all and may we be trained our whole life. We are here for the sinners to be recovered..to be restored.

K. The commandment tis that the fire should never go out. we'llk have a messag on the fire. This fire have to keep burong all night until the mornign...until the L comeing back. This burt offering for us to take and enjoy and offer to G for he rest of our lifes. Lord. I am not for you, I am not for G, but YOu are. I take you. I am not the one who do the fathers will completely, but Lord you did. I lay my hand on yipur head and take consecration.

L. 1. 2. The priest and the leper the same thing. Yes we are the proest of God, yet in our nature we all leprous we unclean sinfuland rebellious. Just like the leper needs a detailed cleansing including doing working walking...so we the proest need the same. I'm very trainded by this.

3. Isa 50 - Lord Jehovah has given me the tongue of the instructed...awakens me to hear.... Justb like that slave that decided to never go out again, he wqas taken to the door post to drive hole in ear as symbol rest of life live as obedient slave to hear and do what his master instructs hin to do. Same principle here. We all asserving ones need to firstly lesarn to listen..not to do..be zealous and do this or that. Forst thing is to have instructed ear that mornign by morning we will hear fresh word from jehovah..living present particular word from G. no one who does not hesar G word can be HIS servant. We must stop our selves from doing anything w.o his order. That is sin of presu,ption and hence rebellion. Take position of mary to sit at His feet to hear his will...HIS HEART...then we can serv3 Him. How we need personal time witht eh Lord every moring.

M. Fitting end to this message and begingin of the training.

The consecration of aaron and his sons have to be repeated...all the thigns we ust read...must be repeated for 7 days. That means a completion of a period of time...our entire chrostian life..our entire priestly life...this need to be repeated for our expiation. this signify we need to remember why we do this again and again. So that these priest will never forget, They will remeber all the dfetails in their consefrations. The same with us today, We need this word repeated in us. We need to practice these things and experience these things for 7 days eveyr day so that we would be warned that we would not enter intotht e holy priesthood..enmjoyment of christ...in a careless way. You have to sdtay day and noght for 7 daysso that you may not die. If you do something out of order you may die. 

Hymn 403 (watchman nee - a hymn of consecration bring forth feeling of solemnity...verse 2) I hope that this frst mesage bring us into atmosphere to be trained by Hm to be the real priest....people serving G acdording to Himself.
















